Update roborock.markdown (#27905)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/roborock.markdown

### How can I clean a specific room?
We plan to make the process simpler in the future, but for now, it is a multi-step process.

> 1) Make sure to first name the rooms in the Android app, otherwise they won't show up in the debug log.

Reviewer: What if I don't have android?

Author: Sorry, indeed, that should be just "the roborock app"

> 1) Make sure to first name the rooms in the Android app, otherwise they won't show up in the debug log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Make sure to name the rooms in the Android app; otherwise, they won't appear in the debug log.
```

> 1) Make sure to first name the rooms in the Android app, otherwise they won't show up in the debug log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1) Make sure to first name the rooms in the Roborock app; otherwise, they won't appear in the debug log.
```

> 2) Enable debug logging for this integration and reload it.

Reviewer: I understand this is needed right now, but it would be great if we didn't need this. :)

That said, we can improve on these instructions by telling how to enable debug logging.

> 2) Enable debug logging for this integration and reload it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2) [Enable debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#enabling-debug-logging) for this integration and reload it.
```

> 3) Search your logs for 'Got home data' and then find the attribute rooms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) Search your logs for 'Got home data' and find the attribute rooms.
```

4) Write the rooms down; they have a name and 6 digit ID.

> 5) Go to **Developer Tools** > **Services** > **Vacuum: Send Command**. Select your vacuum as the entity and 'get_room_mapping' as the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5) Go to {% my developer_call_service service="vacuum.send_command" title="**Developer Tools** > **Services** > **Vacuum: Send Command**" %}. Select your vacuum as the entity and `get_room_mapping` as the command.
```

6) Go back to your logs and look at the response to `get_room_mapping`. This is a list of the 6-digit IDs you saw earlier to 2-digit IDs. In your original list of room names and 6-digit IDs, replace the 6-digit ID with its pairing 2-digit ID.
7) Now, you have the 2-digit ID that your vacuum uses to describe a room.

> 8) Go back to **Developer Tools** > **Services** > **Vacuum: Send Command** then type `app_segment_clean` as your command and 'segments' with a list of the 2-digit IDs you want to clean. Then, add  `repeat` with a number (ranging from 1 to 3) to determine how many times you want to clean these areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8) Go back to {% my developer_call_service service="vacuum.send_command" title="**Developer Tools** > **Services** > **Vacuum: Send Command**" %} then type `app_segment_clean` as your command and `segments` with a list of the 2-digit IDs you want to clean. Then, add `repeat` with a number (ranging from 1 to 3) to determine how many times you want to clean these areas.
```
